## TESTING

User Story | BDD Test | Pass
--- | --- | :---:
As a Customer <br>I can easily see the purpose of the site from the landing page<br> so that I can see if the site is relevant to my needs. | Given that I'm a first time user<br>When I view/scroll down the homepage<br>Then I should see what the purpose of the site is and easy navigation throughout the website and quickly get to the Place an Order button. | &check;
As a Customer <br>I can see the list of all the menu items and their attributes <br> so that I can choose what I want to order.  | Given that I'm a customer<br>When I hit the Place an order button<br>Then I can view the list of menu items with checkboxes so I can choose what I want to order. | &check;
As a Customer <br>I can get a chance a second chance <br>so that I can decide whether to order as per initial selection or change it. | Given that I'm a customer <br>when I click on placing an order button<br>Then I should be able to Go Back to change my order or click the Submit Order button. | &check;
As a Customer <br> I can get a confirmation email of the order with payment options <br>so that I can decide how to pay. | Given that I'm a customer<br>When I click Submit Order, I receive a confirmation email and payment options<br>Then I can decide how to pay – whether by Paypal or cash on delivery. | &check;
As a Customer<br>I can get confirmation of payment I have made <br>so I know that my order has been accepted and the time it will be delivered. | When I make a payment on Paypal as a Customer<br>I get a confirmation email about payment and delivery time<br>so that I am comfortable that the payment has gone to the right place and my takeaway order will be delivered. | &check;
As a Customer<br>I can read about the ethos of the takeaway <br>so that I can see if they meet my values. |Given that I'm a health conscious and environmentally friendly Customer<br>I will read the About page<br>so I can assess whether it meets my values.| &check;
As a Customer<br>I can view the takeaway’s menu <br> so that I know what they are currently offering. | Given that I'm a Customer/user<br>I can easily see the takeaway’s menu <br>to know the current offering.| &check;
As a Customer <br>I can use a search bar in the Menu page to search for food items with specific attributes <br>so that I can I can make my ordering decision.| Given that I'm a Customer<br>When I navigate to the Menu pagel<br>Then I can see the menu items to order.| &check;
As a Customer<br>I can view contact information and the opening hours <br>so that I know where the takeaway is and when it is open. | Given that I'm a Customer<br>When I navigate to the Footerl<br>Then I can see the takeaway’s details so I know it is a real place.| &check;
As a Site Admin<br>I want to be able to direct users to my social profiles<br> So that I can increase social interaction and attract new users. | Given that I'm a site admin<br>When I view/scroll down to the footer<br>Then I should see working links to my social media. | &check;
As Staff<br>I want to be able to access  daily customer orders all in one place<br> So that I can easily track daily revenues and order status. | Given that I'm Staff with permission<br>When I access the Dashboard<br>Then I should see customer order status, customer details, decide whether to make and ship order if not paid, mark orders as shipped, see the tally of daily orders and revenues. | &check;
As a Site admin<br>I want to be able to ensure that all different areas of the website – front end and Django back-end – function correctly and have no bugs<br> so that I can ensure all users have a great experience. | Given that I'm a Site admin<br>When I check all site functionality<br>Then I should see that everything works as expected, there are no bugs, and all buttons and links work as expected | &check;

